e e
well good morning
folks if you guys could give me a heads
up on X let me know you guys can hear me
audio seems okay on my
end thank you
[Music]
Alonso thank you friend thank you Edward
all right so this morning we have some
medium and high impact news
drivers and I want to kind of like go
over that with you live because I can't
be with you this afternoon and I can't
be here during the opening bell during
the morning session so I have some
things that to take care of that was not
able to get accomplished last night so
that's the real life getting in the way
that's going to happen so
as a
consolation uh we're going to be looking
at
the core retail sales number retail
sales unemployment claims and the medium
impact Philly fed Manufacturing Index
that's all going to be released this
morning at
8:30 so today is Thursday October 17th
that's on the docket for
today and
then for you guys that like to trade
crude oil at 11 o'cl today you'll have
the crude oil inventory
number I think that's going to be enough
I'm going to close the stream promptly
at N9 o'clock or before if it if it
serves my purpose
um but I just want to sit here and take
read with
you in about 15 minutes or so when that
news hits the market we'll see what they
want to stir up
in terms of uh runs on liquidity or
inefficiency tomorrow morning at 8:30 we
have building
permits and then we have
uh a speaker later on in the afternoon
around lunch time so not terribly
exciting Forex guys you'll have some
nice volatility on the pound tonight
going into Friday morning session London
2 a.m. eastern time you have retail
sales for
gpp all right so let's get on with this
take a look at what we have in terms of
liquidity polls and all that stuff um
give me a
second
e e
sorry about that I had to put you on
mute for a second Scout had a a barking
fit and that would have been just
uh un civilized for today all right so
we are looking at the NASDAQ and uh
let's start with a daily chart real Qui
quick all right so here's the business
uh just we can ignore all this stuff
here this is stuff from
yesterday we do have a really
nice sell side still building underneath
that uh buy side is here uh we
have Tuesdays October 15th daily High I
want to anate annotate that rather
as well and we'll just not that
as Tuesday's
[Music]
high right and we'll drop down
into the 60 Minute
chart and right away you should see this
is this begging for
it so in my mind it's a little too
clean I like the idea of a potential run
up into that it doesn't need to do it
today it may need to do it you know
overnight tonight it may need to do it
tomorrow um I I think that it's
reasonable to anticipate them taking it
up there to those uh
six 40s at the
minimum and then Tuesday's High 6 59 and
A4 and then 680 respectively which would
be this High there so I'm looking at how
we made this area down here which was
below these relative equal
lows they made that
Jagged we're trading up into the Cy here
the sell bounce b side efficiency and to
me you know
while being in an election year as I've
been basically beating that drum
constantly since we started the 2024
mentorship
it's very difficult to try to short this
market and hold for a long time not that
you can't take shorts want in day but
it's very difficult to hold on to shorts
because they keep sending it higher and
it's all artificial it's all fluffing up
it's usually it's a presidential year
phenomenon so don't think it's just
happening just this year it's it's a
usual uh circumstance that tends to
repeat
itself so focusing on the buy side is
always going to be my first go-to so I'm
going to be looking for things to
justify something that would lend well
to a draw up into this area here so
these two respective highs that's where
my initial interest is now obviously you
know we don't know what they're going to
do when the high impact news drivers
come out when these news events come out
at
8:30 um they're used as a smoke screen
and sometimes they can Aid a run into a
lay an area or a layer of liquidity like
we're outlining here or as I'm outlining
it rather and then other times it'll be
used to drop it
down and get everyone thinking that the
sentiment is bearish and then at the
opening bell later at 9:30 then they
make a run for it to get up here either
scenario I'm just interested in what
they're doing at 8:30 and then I will
leave you with closing remarks about how
I would expect to see the opening bell
and the morning session paying out in
other words what would be my interests
okay so kind of like I don't leave you
like an orphan you know figure it out on
your own even though I can't be here
I'll I'll kind of like tip my hand tell
you if I were here with you this is what
I would look look for okay so it kind of
gives you some study stud study notes if
you will points of reference to to try
to tape read and figure out what you see
real time when it
occurs drop down to a 15-minute time
frame all right and
then
um yeah I still like the idea of it one
to get up here because it's two
reference points here we have this High
to that high not this High being lower
than that one and then this high and
that high that high being lower than
that one so we have two nested relative
equal highs it's just real obvious and
whenever it's like that you know it's
easy to just side with that as the
initial draw until price proves it's
not interested in that and you would
know that obviously by what we see at
8:30 uh when they release the uh the
data uh that all those numbers that come
out in those reports they're already
baked in okay trust me it's always the
case and trying to figure out what that
fundamentally means for the intraday
price volatility it's useless okay so
it's better just to anticipate the fact
that we have a high impact and medium
impact news events report
data coming out we are never interested
in what the data is suggesting that
that's that makes it easy because
fundamentally speaking you're never
going to be able to read the te leaves
like that on an intraday basis and be
accurate because there's many times that
the data will be suggesting it should be
bullish or bearish and the market does
the opposite and I learned very quickly
in the 90s that that wasn't the way of
doing it so I I just trust that the
price is going to tell me everything I
need to know and if I'm wrong wrong
price will tell me I'm wrong I I don't
need to you know try to figure it out
and put my opinion on what fundamental
data is um suggesting
so again just we're focusing up here
okay or at least that's that's where my
focus is and then we'll go down to a
five minute
chart right
and I have enough time I can show you
what I was doing this morning in London
I had a little bit of a late nap
yesterday and as you all probably know
I've said it many times that I don't
have a normal sleep schedule because I
don't work a job I don't get stressed
out and get tired like you the average
person does and like I did when I was
younger um I sleep in two stages of like
four hours each time doesn't always
equate to four hours sometimes it may be
four and a half hours but the
uh the afternoon yesterday I I kind of
like took my second one a little later
than I normally do and it kind of threw
my my pattern off a little bit more so I
woke up at
a a time during London I like I don't
feel like getting that a bed so I'll
just look at the uh market and see if I
can play around with that and lo and
behold all right so we have the market
break about the shortterm high here
after having a run on liquidity below
this low in here trading back down once
more into a delivery to this volume of
balance rallies up that means the
breakout is going to be long Above This
High I like seeing that in the London
session I love seeing false breaks where
a breakout Trader would get in long or
short because the Market's predisposed
to go higher because it's an election
year this high they would have went long
they ran down stopped them out that's a
beautiful setup because now what do they
do it took the market higher putting
traders in Long ripping their guts out
removing their head cleanly from their
shoulders and then what I'm going to
wait for is I want to see does the
market give me an opportunity to get
in when the price is
dropping and it's going into an obvious
discount array we have this in Balance
here after clearing this High all of
this consolidation here this this is
kind of like the
uh resembling much like a first stage
accumulation so looking at it like that
we trade down into the fair value Gap
always including the volume and balance
sometimes when I'm doing the live
streams folks I know some of you are
leaving comments saying sometimes I I
won't include the volume imbalance I'm
52 years old and I'm not trying to use
that as an excuse but my eyes AR not as
good as they used to be and because I'm
looking at very very shortterm time
frames charts I'm more I'm more keyed up
on the price axis over here than the
candlesticks so when I'm drawing the um
the boxes on the chart to draw your
attention to it sometimes it doesn't
drop onto the actual Candlestick like it
does here perfectly and does here
perfectly uh because I'm trying to
annotate it and still keep my train of
thought it may not fall on the volume IM
balance and it's not me doing
incorrectly for the purpose of being
Troublesome for you it's just I'm trying
to juggle all these things real time and
still be able to talk about and also
read it real time so it's it's not easy
to do this okay and it's sometimes I
won't have that that box highlighted
with the volume balance but you should
always have it annotated like that okay
so anyway the market drops down into the
fair value Gap here which is a bid bound
cellid efficiency when the Market's
likely to go higher uh we're approaching
the 450 to 510 macro and I'm
accumulating an early position
anticipating that this volume of balance
into this area anywhere in that price
range between this volume of balance
which is actually drawn
incorrectly there and then right there
is my fill it went down and once it went
back into the volume balance you can see
my fi was right
there okay and then we have a breakaway
Gap that's why I shaded it in that
little recorded video yellow because I
wanted to see it stay open any other
time you would see a green or blue
that's bullish and then I entered here
want a retracement back down into this
order block that means this is what this
is a propulsion
block and then right again it trades
back into the propulsion block if you
look at the month four content 2016 I
shared that link also on X this morning
but month Four's content of 2016
mentorship it's on my YouTube playlist I
teach you the propulsion block
propulsion blocks um can be traded to
again as it does here and I'm entering
it as it's trying to go down into it I'm
hitting it there and
there and then exiting
out right up
there and then ultimately rolls back
down and comes back for my initial entry
which Phil was uh coming back for any of
you guys that want to hold for
longer all right so I got a couple more
seconds I can talk a littleit about this
um how did I get this exit where did
that come from well if you take it the
the
FIB place it on this price run
here here's my FIB setting so you guys
can screenshot
that
and 1.25
that's what I'm aiming for okay and then
rolls over and comes back down uh the
quarters is when there's going to be
another retracement back and it'll all
be in the book so I know you're all
looking for ways to get a constant
setting and what I use what settings for
uh it's too good for public consumption
right now because everybody's trying to
make mentorships and write books before
mine and I'm not going to give you your
your your Source material that's my once
I put it in form uh written form then
and you all
be going in there plagiarizing it all
right so we
have about 30 seconds or so
and going to see what we see here there
cell side here we've already Disturb
This we have a little bit of a ways
before we get up to those levels up
there but we could certainly make some
ground at uh 15 seconds or so but i' I'd
like to see them first take the cell
side out here mess this up a little
bit holding a bias to the bullish side
but Loosely because you know I'm I'm
more inclined to anticipate what it's
going to do going into the opening Bel
9:30 all
right and because there's multiple
reports coming out there's always like
this staggered
uh initial Rally or or decline and it
feels like it's done it's not you got to
give it a couple seconds and it'll be
like a another impulse another
impulse when it's one report like medium
impact or high impact news driver at
8:30 usually it's the first run that is
your Judah swing but because we have
multiple reports at 8:30 give it a
chance to to to take both sides of the
marketplace
all I'm doing is
annotating that's where the close near
term or shortterm buy side
is and the cell side is
there and if it goes below here notice
this low here as well
that I'm not interested I'm don't care
about that I like this here because
that's just like
a uh like a mohawk and Below these lows
we have this inbalance
here and we have all
these candles here that are indecisive
so whenever it's like
this this is actually a good uh point to
to talk about something you've never
learned about we have a volume of it I'm
sorry we have a fair value Gap and then
we have two in sze of candles notice
that so you would
think that this would be how you would
frame that
imbalance so if we go below the lows
here you know where could it trade
to you might look at something like that
and buying the up itself it it's not
technically wrong but it's not as
accurate as it needs to be so the way
you would do that is your lowest open
and close which is the same on this
Candlestick it's also the low of the
volume of balance here see
that you got to cover over top of this
and this entirely and take it all the
way down here like
that that would be your
inefficiency so if it goes below here
that's how I would use it and then you
can use consequent encroachment of
that and the reason why I told you that
is because if there's any in
efficiencies like volume imbalances are
indecisive candles where the bodies are
just the open and close the same price
you got to use the lowest one and it's
it's better for you to do that because
there's so
many reasons for it to to drop down into
these in volume imbalances in and of
itself and it would just overshoot the
the typical standard fair value Gap that
you would would have assumed it would be
likely to be
used I like how he left back here too
see
that now let's play devil's advocate for
a moment okay let's assume for a moment
that between now and 9:00 before I
escape okay let's say we don't make a
significant higher high here now it can
come up and just poke that and come back
down into the range chop around a little
bit and then drop down here and then if
it does that then I would
expect 9:30 to to 10:00 to give some
kind of uh movement higher displace
higher and then start looking for
Discount arrays like bull shoulder
blocks fair value gaps to support price
not trade completely closing the low of
it um look for short-term lows to be
swept and then rally higher that would
be what I would expect if it does that
very thing trading down
here
but if we keep this high and we just
bang around in here and don't do this
drop down here yet I would look for the
Judah swing at 930 into 945 is something
like that drop down into that and then
send price higher taking out this high
and then accelerating and working
towards that objective up there so
20659 Tuesday's High um I I just I feel
like that that is it's warranted uh and
it keeps you from and it keeps me
specifically from trying to pick the
tops in the market which is really
important um if if you do all your work
about trying to avoid the biggest
mistakes and it's always going to be the
case by trying to pick tops and bottoms
um it's easy to pick the lows or the
bottoms in Bull markets it's real easy
to do that but it's really difficult to
try to pick tops in a bull market and
when you're in a market that's like we
have where it's an election year there's
a whole lot of corruption and a lot of
things going on with
uh
um I didn't mean to say corruption I uh
or did I uh manipulation in the
marketplace as as a result of the
election
year watching this volume imbalance in
here now if you didn't have this big run
here take that out of that equation what
would you
see relative equal highs right so the
first pass up here I would completely
ignore that even though that that's
where near-term bide is resting I'm
watching these two relative equal highs
I'm ignoring this for the sake of you
know the liquidity on these two
highs obviously if it goes above there
it could revisit this High that's that's
not I'm not making a case against that
I'm just saying that my eyes jump into
the fact that these two Highs are
basically identical
so what could happen is say they're
going to hold the market and keep it
from going higher until we get into the
opening range and or later in the
morning session or maybe even in the
afternoon if it goes above these
relative equal highs it can go up to
consequent crment of the range between
these relative equal highs to that high
so about halfway there and leave that
high intact and then roll down take out
these relative equal lows take out these
relative equal lows trade into the
inefficiency
and then how it would trade down into
that that would be indicative of what I
would expect to see happening in the
9:00 opening BT assuming that it doesn't
break lower and just keep falling off
you falling off
the The Cliff if you
will
so these high impact news drivers didn't
do very much and you can see the market
hasn't had a lot of range delivered it's
kind of reserved actually
nothing in here that I would want to be
buying so if it does take off it would
be one of those instances where okay it
it left without me it's fine just like
you saw yesterday with the first resed
fair value Gap you know it didn't give
us an entry to get short even though
that that would have been the play cide
was the objective and
because it didn't offer an entry but
that's fine we're just going to use it
as a Target later
on and I did did not forget to do the
video uh with my son last night I just
didn't have the opportunity to get to it
so I'll have to find a way to to get to
that this this afternoon or evening
so normally I would like to have
something
on in a position ahead of the 9:30
opening bell on a high impact or medium
impact news driver day but I have
nothing in here that I would have
entered
on so it's kind of like to sit and be
still
that's the consequent encroachment level
I was telling between the relative highs
to that high I'm watching that you can
already see they're working that
level I know Steve nson probably has
that in his book somewhere
right he doesn't
spoiler
um I would like for it to stay below
this this High admittedly that's what I
would prefer and I'd like to see it come
back down and disrupt this or disrupt
that and and make make an attempt to get
in here that would be ideal cuz that
would be something that would set the
stage for me to to really be bullish
this morning but I wouldn't be
interested in chasing it in
here and if it was the rally it's okay
it can run it can run without me and
it's okay I'll catch the next bus
stop I was hoping to be a little bit
more little more
uh get up and go this morning at the
8:30
Bell just didn't didn't give
it but that's good I mean we should have
a re a reasonable morning session it
should it should deliver nice price
action should be nice let's put it that
way because it didn't give it to us at
the
8:30 news driver it's still kind of like
trying to figure out what it wants to do
and because of how price is being
delivered see how spotty it is
we had a lot of wicks in here we have
volume
imbalances and it's not making a higher
high it hasn't made a lower low it's
just maintained the initial range that
was created at 8:30
so this low didn't get
taken this High hasn't been broken since
it's been posted
so we're we're kind of like held in a
holding pattern
which means the hands in there basically
the algorithm is not doing anything here
it's just there and there stirring the
pot whenever you notice those types of
things sit sit still don't do anything
because you're competing
against an individual that literally has
the
control to take both sides of the
marketplace and still go nowhere but
it'll look like you're in there taking a
very valid long or a very valid short
and then it just evaporates once you get
in there you're you turn over the
controls and relinquish your you
know power
of Stillness by entering the marketplace
and now you have no control over the
outcome and you're at the mercy of where
the Market's going to go and when it's
like this right now there is manual
intervention because there's no
cleanness there's no cleanness to the
marketplace it's being held in a
range and because of that you sit still
don't touch
it observe tapere it this is what you're
doing before you learn even to trade
with a demo account before you're
pushing the buttons with a paper trading
account you're in here
studying what you're feeling how you are
perceiving price action and then then
you're also looking for the things I'm
teaching you in this mentorship here
this year where you're looking for
signatures to support or negate the idea
that the algorithm is running running on
script or is it being screwed up by
manual intervention that means the
actual Market maker is in there doing
manually they're repricing sending it to
different price levels but they're still
going to follow like ano okay and that
that's the that's the benefit of
learning from me having that information
that you can't get in books and nobody
else is going to teach it to you because
they don't know
it perfect example I you probably were
looking at
uh that Wick when I was telling
you disregard it even though we have to
Define that for near term minor bide
because that's the high at
8:30 I took your eyes to that high and
that high and said ignore this for a
moment these are your relative equal
highs so I would like to see it trade up
above that and use consequent
encroachment of the portion between
these relative equal highs to that high
and look what it did you see
that that's probably time travel you
know there's no other explanation for it
I had to be from the future to see that
you can see the bodies are they
respecting that level the Wicks are
being tossed above it remember that
analogy I used yesterday like horses
shoes
you're tossing orders in these general
areas but the bodies are saying yeah I
don't know about that so are they
trading to that consequent cachent of
the relative equal highs to here the
Wicks are but the Candlestick bodies are
stopping you see that so I said I'd like
to see it do this very thing here trade
back down into and disrupt the lows here
and the lows here and see if we can get
down into that inbalance here that's
what I wanted to see um and I would not
be interested in being long so again for
the ass hats that love to watch My
Stream and then go on other people's
channels and comment yeah ICT was long
he was looking for LS
no no you got to take this stuff with
context sprinkle it with common sense
too most of these assets don't have that
so we have this volume balance too I
want to see it dig down to
that just like that now it should
accelerate and run below these lows here
and if it does does if it accelerates
below these lows it'd be reasonable for
it to try to make an attempt to clean up
all this area here and then maybe
deliver to this inefficiency I have
shaded in blue I would not be interested
in being long
yet it's still working out the uh the
uh the intervention is called
that so on your charts what you want to
do is you want to annotate
the volume
imbalances inside that range which is
the 830 delivery when the reports came
out all the volume IM balances you want
to extend them over to the right and as
long as we're inside this range keep
referring back to
them remember that the volume balance is
the the most flexible PD array I have
meaning that it's normal for it to go
through it back and forth through it and
what'll happen is is if it's going
through it I'll give you some notes for
for volume balance if it's going through
the volume imbalance which is the first
expectation to have for it because just
because it's there doesn't mean it's
going to stop price to the tick it can
but you have to have context around it
so what I like to see is I want to see
them trade through
so it's going to lay a body down over
top of it so in this volume in Balance
here we' seen a body laid down and they
buried a bullish body in that volume of
balance there on that Candlestick and
then they L and buryed the
body with cells side delivery it means
it's a down Clos candle so we have a up
closed candle let me widen it up a
little
bit this Candlestick is up going through
the range between this
candlestick's Clos close and this
candlestick's open that's the volume in
Balance there so it's been offered what
buy side and then we see this
Candlestick here lay over top of that
volume of balance right there then it's
sells side delivered so when you see
that it it becomes efficiently
delivered and then what I do is I treat
that as a balanced price range but
because it's such a small
insignificant amount of price data I I
don't I don't hope everything on the
basis of it creating this up candle over
top of it and down candle over top of it
and now when we were already seeing the
the consequent crment it already started
this snap down lower it doesn't mean
it's going to keep dropping doesn't mean
it can't go back above it and use it as
support and rally but I'm looking for
those types of signatures when I'm
watching price so a lot of times when
I'm talking to you my attention is
looking at these volume imbalances or
the PD arrays and I'm waiting to see if
the signatures that I'd like to see with
them are manifesting and I can see that
and talk at the same time
but the the value of the volume balance
is you want to see how they trade
through it in this case when it was
created between these two candlesticks
bodies there it offered buy side so what
is it lacking sells side delivery that's
over here so now because we have that
this volume imbalance is much more
meaningful because it has done
that because it's offered both the buy
side and the sells side delivery so it's
kind of like that paint roller analogy
remember how I talk about how if you had
a paint roller and you you apply the
paint and you press that roller against
the wall as soon as you start pressing
that roller up or down the first foot or
so of paint delivery on the wall is
going to be ample it's going to be
significant and sufficient there won't
be any little pockets where the paint
didn't distribute well to the wall until
you get to a point where you start
running out of that paint and then
you'll start seeing little pockets where
the the fabric of the roller doesn't
contain enough paint to distribute it to
the wall surface so what do you have to
do R the other direction roll right back
over top of it and and deliver paint in
those little pockets well that's exactly
what price is doing inside the volume
imbalance it's delivering price up first
and then it delivers it down here so now
we went back above it here so now this
it would be more helpful to me to see it
not allow price to go back down below it
doesn't mean it can't do it remember
this is the most flexible PD array and
you have to have that flexibility you
can't demand the same degree of
precision that a a fair value Gap that's
bullish you the consequent encroachment
to it or the high of it that that level
of precision that would be afforded to
you there it doesn't carry the same
weight that you would expect with the
volume imbalance they still can travel
through them and come back up and and
then resume what would cause that to
happen the time
aspect the macro so when we're you when
I'm using my volume imbalances I many
times will side with my buy like what
basically what I did in London I knew I
was looking to go long I'll use the
volume of balances to start
positioning and then once the
positioning is afforded to me when the
time aspect kicks in I'm really going to
be looking for the price to start
displacing and spooling in the direction
of my
target so I can then use the volume in
Balance again as a new entry or I can
use it as a means of managing my stop
loss but there's there's a a little bit
of management that's required when using
the volume balance I I've seen a lot of
people talk about them in their on their
videos and I'm never going to go on your
channel and troll you okay uh some
people that sell stuff I will I've have
done that before but they they either
delete my comment or they Bann me so I
can't be seen but um they're teaching it
improperly we're inside the 850 macro
now the liquidity
here is minor buy
side now look at the difference between
this volume and balance that we've been
talking about where we had initial buy
side
delivery sells side delivery that's not
liquidity okay it just means that the
market has been offered on the up and
then on the on the Downs side between
these two candlesticks bodies so think
about the paint analogy rolling the
paint roller up and then rolling the
paint roller down inside that blue
shaded area
and then we used the consequent
encroachment here and then finally it
drove through it so now this is much
more significant as a
what a balance price range on the basis
of a discount array not a premium array
meaning that if it would have came back
down and touched it we treat it like a a
a support level basically because it's
done the efficient delivery between both
and then we left it okay we left it
right there and then any time back to it
it would act as a discount array to send
prices higher or support price and then
say you were long in here or long over
here then you could roll your stop loss
rate below that volume of balance
because it's done its work in framing
out a balanced price range because it's
delivered buy side sell side delivery
and then left it
here that won't make sense to you the
first time around but when you start
going through your charts and looking at
how price is using these volume of
balances collect a lot of instances
where you see this event happening and
you'll know exactly what I'm talking
about just seeing one example isn't
sufficient enough I promise you so
what's the difference between this
volume of balance and this volume of
balance well this volume of balance has
no body buried over top of it with
either cells side delivery or bide
delivery we just have a wick there and
then we have this this we here just a
wick there's no bodies buried in this
range at all
zero so when it left here like that
this is behaving just like what a
breakaway Gap there's no bodies left
there it did
Traverse both sides of this area here
with this pass down it went down through
it and came right back up all in the
same Candlestick that is not the same
thing as being delivered like it does
here one candle and at a later time
being delivered on the downstroke so we
have buy side delivery sells side
delivery here we just have one little
return back into it doesn't lay a body
down on top of it at all it just rips
and runs
away so it's two different Dynamics
there that's occurring with the volume
imbalance and you can see how quickly
when you're listening to people try to
teach these things you know just because
you can just because you can see a
volume in Balance doesn't mean you know
what to do with it doesn't mean you know
how it's going to be used in price
delivery so you know that's why I I get
pissed off when people are certainly
because they're
uh monetizing their education with my
material that they don't fully
understand you it's like yeah I used to
watch Doogie Hower on TV so I'm gonna
I'm gonna be a doctor and do an
operation on somebody it doesn't work
the same
way okay we should we should see it uh
rip through that minor byy side here
let's take a look at where we are in
relationship to
yesterday's 414 settlement right now
price is at four uh 545
yeah we have a pretty good
Gap so we have a premium Gap in the
making so we way up here
so let's play devil's advocate for a
moment okay let's say we trade above
here and we don't rip and just take
off with a gap pre premium opening like
we're implied by looking at where we're
at now in relation to where we settled
yesterday
we're two hand handles or so we're very
close to it I forgot I didn't remember
what the sement price is so I'm trying
to use one screen here the the
likelihood of the market wanting to go
to 50% of that Gap would easily take us
into the Run below these lows here into
this and maybe even so much as a run
below here and then if it were to do
something like that retail would be very
reluctant and want to be long because
it's doing that type of thing at the
opening bell in the in the first 30
minutes or so and then we could change
gears and then start working towards a
run on a higher time
frame avoiding the top
picking uh dilemma and and gravitate
towards
here but it's all dependent upon on how
it it runs here because we cleared the
minor buy side we don't I don't want to
see it take off from there I want to
kind of see it stay close to this range
and just hug around it it doesn't need
to be in the lower half of it but it
just need to not run up there and then
what would happen is it would set the
stage for a small little minor initial
Jud to swing higher but no not really do
anything take out a short-term High
that's left prior to 930s opening bell
and then drop send us down into a
discount try to trade for half the gap
uh range between where we open at 930
versus
414 uh settlement price when we use the
you know regular trading hours when we
do this thing here when we set our uh
charts to that it it tells us where our
opening range Gap is that's not
uh that's not likely to go away where we
are right now so in the next 30 minutes
I don't think that Gap is going to
disappear so we're going to most likely
Gap higher
opening and then where we'd have to know
what the opening price is at 9:30 to get
the halfway point to consequent correen
of that gap between 4:14 p.m. eastern
time yesterday in regular trading hours
to 9:30 opening bell opening price in
regular I'm sorry electronic trading
hours drop your FIB on that in that 50%
level that's the 70% likelihood in the
first 30 minutes that's it's going to
trade there well because that's
something I would
anticipate I would be looking for
something to clear up all these lows in
here trade down that this in efficiency
and maybe so much is going down below
there but that is
again if we don't just start running
higher from here if we start ripping
higher like
this and if we get if we get anywhere
above
600 I would be less likely
to believe at 9:30 is opening bell for
it to drop all the way down to do half
of a gap closure or even a full Gap
closure before trading up to here so it
would be something like if it gets like
600 before the opening bell I think they
would just use the Judith swing at the
opening bell take us up there sweep that
and then do some kind of
a a run on the opening range
Gap so there's a lot of scenarios there
and it's all contingent on what the
actual opening price is because you
don't know what that price is I'm
waiting for it just like you are so at
9:30 opening bell that opening price
tells the story of what I just described
what What scenario would I use I just
gave you several of them but based on
what it's doing and what it has done at
the time of
9:30 would be the basis of how I would
trade the the opening range and how I
would trade the opening range Gap
and what I would use for my setup and
where my draw on liquidity would be
because if you listen to what I said to
a neoy to someone that's really not
trying to learn not trying to paying
attention it sounds like I gave a
scenario it could go up and if it goes
there I'll be right if it goes down
below here I'm right that's not what I
said that is absolutely not what the
I said I said that I prefer it not
to run up there yet I would like to see
it stay close to this range that created
around 8:30 but if I'm wrong okay
because it's always possible I'm not
infallible if it keeps running and it
takes us above 600 here ahead of 930
then I would expect them to use that
range between 600 to 660 or so that
would be the Judas swing of the morning
and then they would sell off going
towards some kind of a gap closure event
mid gap three4 of the Gap closure
something to that effect but because I
don't have the time to be in front of
you at 9:30 cuz I'm already over my my
time limit now I'm giving you the
scenarios that I would use and all you
have to do is listen to this recording
again and then and see what the market
actually does it may not do any of those
things but because I'm not aware of what
the actual price is going to be at 9:30
I have to give you scenarios that I
would be running through my mind anyway
these are all the types of things I do
when I'm waiting for that N9 o'clock or
I'm sorry 9:30 opening belt based on
what I have in price where's it likely
to go and how could I build a narrative
around what they may do at 9:30 if they
want to intervene if they want to take
the uh the algo Off Script and just get
in there and stir it off the pot what
would they be running on who would they
hurt why would they want to do that okay
but gun to my head you know we're going
here here and here that's plain and
simple but that's not a straight line I
I don't I'm not trying to convince you
that it's is going to go straight up
from here it can but it it would be
without me okay so
I was expecting a little bit more
animation here than it is what it is but
we watched the two volume in balances I
gave you some details around the volume
balance and how it books price and how
it becomes a Balan price range and now
you're going to be left to the opening
bell all by
yourself chin
up I'll touch with with you guys uh
later this afternoon I'm certain of it
I'll tickle your Twitter then and until
I talk to you later be safe